Update the docs and website  README (#1429)
clay/clay-kiln: website/README.md

```

# Versioning the Code

The first step to begin the process of versioning your documentation is to generate the `versions` script on your website directory with the following command.

```sh
yarn examples versions
```

or

```sh
npm run examples versions
```

> Then you proceed to create a version of the docs that you need in this case need to match the version of your current `package.json`. To do this we will use the following command followed the number of the version that you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you proceed to create a version of the docs that you need in this case needed to match the version of your current `package.json`. To do this we will use the following command followed the number of the version that you want.
```

```sh
$ yarn version X.X.X
```

or

```sh
$ npm version X.X.X
```

> This will create all the files need it to handle the version that you just build but this will be necessary only in 2 cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create all the files needed to handle the version that you just build but this will be necessary only in 2 cases:
```
